okay Alex tell us your name and where
you're from Alex and Cesaro from Summit
New Jersey and how'd you get hurt out
running step into a pothole went
completely over twisted your ankle yes
and you went to orthopedist or doctors
saw dr. Decter okay and he sent me here
the bad sprain bad sprain and you've
been getting physical therapy since yes
okay is this the first time that you'll
be attempting to walk on a treadmill or
yes okay great um on a scale of one to
ten your pain while just walking
normally now is what about uh six about
a 6 ok we're going to put Johnny open G
okay now on the alta g we're going to
calculate is approximate body weight so
what's going to happen here is we're
calculating your body weight and the
machines then going to determine
your exact weight and then we can
determine how much percentage of body
weight we're going to take
see that the bag is filled with air
you'll start to feel your heels just
slightly lift off the ground which is
fine when it says a hundred percent that
we know you're at cal full calibration
started started walking we're going to
half a mile an hour
do you feel discomfort
okay what I'm going to do is I'm going
to start backing off your body weight
now ten percent at a time right now
you're down ten percent your body weight
so you're 190 pounds
now you're down to 180 pounds still feel
pain no pain let's pick up the speed
yourself your comfort level we're five
minutes and 14 seconds into run and
fifty percent body weight at 3.4 miles
an hour and how you feeling no pain it's
a nice smile gonna lessons have been on
the jungle what do you typically do in
terms of athletic everyone I play soccer
in the gym pues aqui
oh yeah
another technology
that's great with the race
so good terrific
almost at six minutes
what we'll do is we'll start to
introduce some of your body weight now
and we'll bring it to sixty percent
and you can slow your speed down if you
want oh yeah
no pain okay so we'll go to
seventy percent which is
seventy percent
six minutes 20 seconds 3.4 miles an hour
any pain I start to feel it a little bit
a little bit so back off your speed just
drop
okay and will
increase this and drop
we'll go to 80-percent
any pain
it's I feel it
you do go at the speed right why not
okay so slow down as we're reintroducing
his way he's starting to feel his
discomfort again
and we're going to start to remove him
and then ice them up right away
almost like a cool down
you now at one hundred percent of your
body weight one mile an hour feel the
pain yeah I mean it's warmed up from
yeah and you feel like you worked out
all right stop in here at seven-thirty
okay seven minutes 30 seconds so your
experience on the older gee that's a
great machine no pain whatsoever and
definitely recommend it great let's
slice you down